Title: iPhone 4s in 2015, Still holding up?

----

Date: 2015-08-11

----

Text: 

As an owner of an iPhone 4s I do find that it should have been at the end of it’s life 2 years ago because of the speed of the phone. In some cases the phone works great, but the rest of the time it acts very slow to the point where it would crash. Someday’s  the phone doesn’t want to do anything but be in sleep. I have found that the iPhone 4s is at the point that parts are starting to fail. My home button is sometimes not responsive, the screen is not as bright has it was when it was new and worst of all… The volume buttons have a mind of their own. They would turn your ringer up at random times. Especially when you are listening to music. The music would be at a nice level that you put it at and then all of a sudden the music would start to go to 100% if you bumped the volume buttons slightly. iPhones that are this age are slowly getting a lack of support from Apple because they are moving onto bigger and better hardware and software.
(image: iphone-4s.png)
The real reason is because phones in this day in age don’t last as long as they were back in the day of flip phones. The support for applications and the need to get the best hardware to make the experience the best it can be is the reason. The biggest thing about the iPhone brand and devices are they don’t storage upgrades with micro-SD cards. This should change. It would make life so much better as I can’t fit all my music that I have on the device and apps with only 16GB of storage. The higher storage models go the more you have to take a loan out or remortgage a house to get the phone you want and will only last you 1-2 years before the phone starts to become old news.
# Final Thoughts
If you are looking for a phone that will last you a long time, then this isn’t the phone you want to get. If you want an iPhone was a small screen and you don’t care about having a long battery because you are tethered to a desk and can charge it, then this is the phone you wan to go with. I have been using this phone for 3 years now and I still use it from time to time, mostly because I can use my Macbook Pro to text and make calls from it using the iPhone.

----

Tags: 2015,Apple,iOS,iPhone,iPhone 4s,July,Tech News,Technology,Thoughts